Dorothy Hunt
Week 1 Assignment
6/22/2015

Write a 3-5 paragraph blog post about your career or personal goals during the bootcamp.


I am currently working at a public library where I help patrons use the computers. I also teach computer classes to the community. My label is Computer Associate. The work is relatable to a Helpdesk Specialist. I have been with the library for close to three years. I graduated from Kent State University in 2012 and I found this job right after. This job has been a great learning experience for me. I love being able to help others learn about computers and computer programs in a welcoming environment. Unfortunately, there isn't much growth for me at my current job.

I have my degree in Computer Science and I would like an opportunity to work in Web Development. I am ready for a career change. I initially started to work at the library because I knew that it was something that I could handle and that I would be good at. At the time that I was seeking employment after graduation, I didn’t want to emerge myself into a programming career because I felt as though I was not a good enough programmer. In short, I was afraid of pursuing a career in my degree. I always felt that I lacked some specific skill or that maybe I wouldn't be able to meet the challenges that were given to me. Programming, for me, has always been a bit stressful to learn while I was in school. 

My personal goals for this bootcamp is to try to change my mentality about programming, and to learn in a more welcoming environment how to program again. I need to build some confidence and courage so that I can start working in my field. I would like to walk into an interview for a Web Developer position with confidence and nail it! I would like to have the courage and the needed skills to work side by side with future co-workers in my field and actually fit in with the culture. I know I have what it takes to make it in this field. I'm capable, determined, and hard-working. I just need to touch up on my skills and start believing in myself.
