Dorothy Hunt
Week 1 Assignment
6/22/2015

Write a 3-5 paragraph blog post about your past experience and how that, combined with coding knowledge, gives you a career advantage. 

Since I have a degree in Computer Science, I feel as though I have a good amount of coding knowledge and experience under my belt. I completed several classes at Kent State that focused on learning the basics of different programming languages and how to apply them in different computer science careers. I’ve had the pleasure of taking a few classes in web developing as well. I was amazed at how much fun it was and how much easier it was to understand than compared to other programming languages that I had previously learned. I then realized that since most consumers use the internet for information for almost everything, including a company’s product, that web development would be the ideal career for me. This bootcamp will help me refresh my coding skills and teach me more about web development, allowing me to become more marketable.

I’ve had some great experiences as a Helpdesk Specialist at Kent State and as a Computer Associate at Euclid Public Library. I have had the opportunity to work with users one-on-one and to help them get a better understanding about computers and how they work. These experiences have helped me become a more understanding person, both professionally and personally. It has helped me see the tech world through the eyes of the everyday user, someone who is not interested in how the machine works. I’ve noticed that the user just wants what he or she is currently working on, whether it is printing an attachment from an email or using Word to create a resume and to work without any hassles. These job positions helped me connect with those users and forced me to communicate in terms that they understood.

I feel the combination of my degree and my experiences with the public will work together in building better products for consumers. Most consumers are interested in the product that they will need right then and there, not all the bells and whistles of the machine. It’s all about fast, credible and reliable service. Being able to step back from my "techy" views and see the situation through the consumer's eyes will help me create what it is they need. I believe that this will make me very valuable to an employer. I not only care about pushing a product to its deadline to please my employer, but I also care about creating a product that will be useful to my employer's consumers.
